README.md, before:

# Ajay Pundhir
## AI Business Leader & Head of Artificial Intelligence at Presight

[![Profile Views](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=apundhir&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat)](https://github.com/apundhir)
[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/ajaypundhir?logo=twitter&style=for-the-badge)](https://twitter.com/ajaypundhir)
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Connect-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin)](https://linkedin.com/in/ajaypundhir)
[![Website](https://img.shields.io/badge/Website-Visit-009292?style=for-the-badge&logo=firefox&logoColor=white)](https://aiexponent.com)

<img src="assets/hero.svg" alt="AiExponent — Ajay Pundhir" width="100%" />

> Building responsible, enterprise-scale AI that delivers measurable business value — from governance to platforms to production.

[![Consult Now](https://img.shields.io/badge/Consult%20Now-FAD232?style=for-the-badge&logo=bolt&logoColor=004141&labelColor=004141)](https://aiexponent.com/blog/)
[![Connect on LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/Connect%20on%20LinkedIn-009292?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/ajaypundhir)
[![Visit my website](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visit%20my%20website-009292?style=for-the-badge&logo=firefox&logoColor=white)](https://aiexponent.com)

### 📈 Impact highlights
- Reduced model time-to-deployment by 70% via enterprise AI platform adoption
- Delivered $XM annualized value through AI-driven optimization and automation
- Established Responsible AI governance across the lifecycle (policy, audit, oversight)

### 🌟 Featured insights
- The Governance Playbook: From Principles to Practice — practical org design and RAI rollout [Read »](https://aiexponent.com/blog/)
- The Complete Enterprise Guide to RAG Evaluation and Benchmarking [Read »](https://aiexponent.com/blog/)
- Top 10 Generative AI Use Cases Transforming Finance [Read »](https://aiexponent.com/blog/)
- HIPAA and AI: A Strategic Guide to Healthcare Compliance [Read »](https://aiexponent.com/blog/)

### 🗓️ Events
- AI Elevate: From Readiness to Exponential Growth — upcoming session [Details »](https://aiexponent.com/blog/)

### 🎤 Speaking & media
- Topics: Enterprise AI strategy, RAG evaluation, Responsible AI governance, MLOps at scale
- Invite me to speak or collaborate: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/ajaypundhir) or [Website](https://aiexponent.com)

### 🤝 Advisory & availability
- Board briefings, AI strategy reviews, due diligence, and operating model design
- Contact: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/ajaypundhir) | [Website](https://aiexponent.com)

### 📰 Latest from the blog
<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:START -->
<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:END -->

### About Me

I'm an experienced AI Business Leader and Head of Artificial Intelligence, currently leading AI initiatives at Presight. With a strong background in artificial intelligence and business strategy, I help organizations leverage AI technologies to drive innovation and business value.

### 🔭 Current Focus
- Building and scaling enterprise AI platforms
- Developing AI strategy and governance frameworks
- Leading machine learning and data science initiatives
- Driving AI innovation and digital transformation

### 🌟 Expertise
- AI Strategy Development
- AI Product Management
- Machine Learning & Deep Learning
- Enterprise AI Solutions
- Data Science Leadership
- AI Governance & Ethics

### 📝 Content Creation
- Regular articles on [AI Exponent](https://aiexponent.com/)
- Technical insights and industry trends
- AI leadership perspectives

### 🤝 Let's Connect
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/ajaypundhir)
- [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/ajaypundhir)
- [Kaggle](https://kaggle.com/apundhir)
- [Medium](https://medium.com/@ajaypundhir)
- [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@aiexponent)
- [Blog RSS Feed](https://aiexponent.com/feed/)

### 💻 Tech Stack
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-Expert-blue?style=flat&logo=python)
![TensorFlow](https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-Advanced-orange?style=flat&logo=tensorflow)
![PyTorch](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-Advanced-red?style=flat&logo=pytorch)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-Proficient-blue?style=flat&logo=docker)
![Kubernetes](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kubernetes-Proficient-blue?style=flat&logo=kubernetes)
![MLOps](https://img.shields.io/badge/MLOps-Expert-green?style=flat)

### 📊 GitHub Stats

<div align="center">

![GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=apundhir&show_icons=true&theme=radical)

![Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=apundhir&layout=compact&theme=radical)

![GitHub Streak](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=apundhir&theme=radical)

</div>

Commit message:

docs(readme): add brand-aligned Case Studies section with links

README.md, after:

# Ajay Pundhir
## AI Business Leader & Head of Artificial Intelligence at Presight

[![Profile Views](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=apundhir&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat)](https://github.com/apundhir)
[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/ajaypundhir?logo=twitter&style=for-the-badge)](https://twitter.com/ajaypundhir)
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Connect-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin)](https://linkedin.com/in/ajaypundhir)
[![Website](https://img.shields.io/badge/Website-Visit-009292?style=for-the-badge&logo=firefox&logoColor=white)](https://aiexponent.com)

<img src="assets/hero.svg" alt="AiExponent — Ajay Pundhir" width="100%" />

> Building responsible, enterprise-scale AI that delivers measurable business value — from governance to platforms to production.

[![Consult Now](https://img.shields.io/badge/Consult%20Now-FAD232?style=for-the-badge&logo=bolt&logoColor=004141&labelColor=004141)](https://aiexponent.com/blog/)
[![Connect on LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/Connect%20on%20LinkedIn-009292?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/ajaypundhir)
[![Visit my website](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visit%20my%20website-009292?style=for-the-badge&logo=firefox&logoColor=white)](https://aiexponent.com)

### 📈 Impact highlights
- Reduced model time-to-deployment by 70% via enterprise AI platform adoption
- Delivered $XM annualized value through AI-driven optimization and automation
- Established Responsible AI governance across the lifecycle (policy, audit, oversight)

### 🌟 Featured insights
- The Governance Playbook: From Principles to Practice — practical org design and RAI rollout [Read »](https://aiexponent.com/blog/)
- The Complete Enterprise Guide to RAG Evaluation and Benchmarking [Read »](https://aiexponent.com/blog/)
- Top 10 Generative AI Use Cases Transforming Finance [Read »](https://aiexponent.com/blog/)
- HIPAA and AI: A Strategic Guide to Healthcare Compliance [Read »](https://aiexponent.com/blog/)

### 🧩 Case studies
- Enterprise AI platform at scale — standardized MLOps, Responsible AI controls, and time-to-deployment cut by 70%. [Overview »](https://aiexponent.com/blog/)
- GenAI in Finance — prioritized high-ROI use cases with risk controls and measurable business outcomes. [Overview »](https://aiexponent.com/blog/)
- Healthcare AI compliance — HIPAA-aligned pipelines, monitoring, and audit readiness. [Overview »](https://aiexponent.com/blog/)

### 🗓️ Events
- AI Elevate: From Readiness to Exponential Growth — upcoming session [Details »](https://aiexponent.com/blog/)

### 🎤 Speaking & media
- Topics: Enterprise AI strategy, RAG evaluation, Responsible AI governance, MLOps at scale
- Invite me to speak or collaborate: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/ajaypundhir) or [Website](https://aiexponent.com)

### 🤝 Advisory & availability
- Board briefings, AI strategy reviews, due diligence, and operating model design
- Contact: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/ajaypundhir) | [Website](https://aiexponent.com)

### 📰 Latest from the blog
<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:START -->
<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:END -->

### About Me

I'm an experienced AI Business Leader and Head of Artificial Intelligence, currently leading AI initiatives at Presight. With a strong background in artificial intelligence and business strategy, I help organizations leverage AI technologies to drive innovation and business value.

### 🔭 Current Focus
- Building and scaling enterprise AI platforms
- Developing AI strategy and governance frameworks
- Leading machine learning and data science initiatives
- Driving AI innovation and digital transformation

### 🌟 Expertise
- AI Strategy Development
- AI Product Management
- Machine Learning & Deep Learning
- Enterprise AI Solutions
- Data Science Leadership
- AI Governance & Ethics

### 📝 Content Creation
- Regular articles on [AI Exponent](https://aiexponent.com/)
- Technical insights and industry trends
- AI leadership perspectives

### 🤝 Let's Connect
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/ajaypundhir)
- [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/ajaypundhir)
- [Kaggle](https://kaggle.com/apundhir)
- [Medium](https://medium.com/@ajaypundhir)
- [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@aiexponent)
- [Blog RSS Feed](https://aiexponent.com/feed/)

### 💻 Tech Stack
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-Expert-blue?style=flat&logo=python)
![TensorFlow](https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-Advanced-orange?style=flat&logo=tensorflow)
![PyTorch](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-Advanced-red?style=flat&logo=pytorch)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-Proficient-blue?style=flat&logo=docker)
![Kubernetes](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kubernetes-Proficient-blue?style=flat&logo=kubernetes)
![MLOps](https://img.shields.io/badge/MLOps-Expert-green?style=flat)

### 📊 GitHub Stats

<div align="center">

![GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=apundhir&show_icons=true&theme=radical)

![Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=apundhir&layout=compact&theme=radical)

![GitHub Streak](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=apundhir&theme=radical)

</div>
